Self-Inflicted Achromatic
(Jishou Mushoku)
I want to be someone like you.
(kimi no you na hito ni naritai na)
I want to be someone that feels very "me."
("boku rashii hito" ni naritai na)
If I want to, I can just go and do it.
(nozomu nara sousurya iikedo sa)
But then would that really be me?
(demo sorette honto ni boku nano kai)
One child's-play dream.
(kodomo damashi na yume hitotsu)
The way I am, someone like me is better off
(konna boku nara shineba ii no)
Dead.
(ni)
Where someone like me being alive
(konna boku ga ikiteru dake de)
Brings sadness to tens of thousands of people
(nan mannin no hito ga kanashin de)
And no one wants me:
(dare mo boku wo nozomanai)
I wish that's the kind of world it was.
(sonna sekai dattara ii no ni na)
If by just wiping me away
(konna boku ga kiechau dake de)
Hundreds of millions of people rejoiced
(nan okunin no hito ga yorokonde)
And no one held hatred for anything
(dare mo nani mo nikumanai nara)
Then I reject such a happy thing.
(sonna ureshii koto wa nai na)
Self-Inflicted Achromatic
(Jishou Mushoku)
Tomorrow, I'll still tread between reality and dreams.
(ashita mo boku wa yume utsutsu)
Just like that, I'd love to disappear.
(kono mama boku wa kiete ii no ni)
Where someone like me being alive
(konna boku ga ikita tokoro de)
Doesn't even register for hundreds of millions of people
(nan oku nin no hito wa shiranai shi)
And no one wants me:
(dare mo boku wo nozomanai)
If that were the world, would that be okay?
(sonna sekai dattara ii no kana)
Even if I were wiped away
(konna boku ga kieta tokoro de)
That wouldn't change some hundred million people.
(nan okunin no hito wa kawaranai)
If no one will resent me, then
(dare mo boku wo nikumanai nara)
The result's the same, a loss for me.
(son shita koto ni kawari nai na)
In the end, everyone collapses in the same manner.
(saigo nanka minna onaji you ni taorete yukimasu)
"My Self" made in others will crumble away.
(Made In tanin no "jibun jishin" kuzurete yukimasu)
In the end, everyone separates the same way—but—
(saigo nanka minna onaji you ni hanareteku no ni)
Just because I'm alive
(konna boku ga ikiteru dake de)
Why do you smile so much?
(nande kimi wa sonna ni warau no)
If you smile like that
(kimi ga sonna egao ja)
No matter how sad, how much I want to disappear—
(kanashikute mo kietakute mo)
If only all my reasons to say good-bye
(sayonara suru riyuu nante mou)
Went away.
(nakereba ii no ni)
Even if I were wiped away
(konna boku ga kieta tokoro de)
That wouldn't change some hundred million people.
(nan okunin no hito wa kawaranai)
But there's something preventing me
(dakedo boku wo tomeru nanika ga)
And showing me that face, I can't bear to laugh about it.
(sonna kao shicha waraenai ya)
Self-Inflicted Achromatic
nekobolo
Thank you very much.